README.md, before:

# BaldiPlusTwitch
Twitch intergration for BB+, allow your audience to fuck with your game!!!!

Insert more info here or something idk

**ALSO PLEASE GIVE CREDIT BEFORE USING**

The below tutorial assumes you know how to install and use bepinex.
 
# Build Instructions
The main branch is the dev branch, so I'd advise using the stable branch if you want a guranteed that the compiled version will work.

In order to build you need Visual Studio 2019(obviously) and use github desktop or download the source directly.

Once the source is downloaded:

Create a folder called "Dependecies" where the solution is and copy all of the content from the BALDI_DATA/Managed folder to it, then copy all of the bepinex/core dll files from your bepinex 5.4 installation in there as well.

Bam you should be able to just compile it now, if not create an issue or something.


# Setup instructions

First install the mod by putting the DLL into the plugins folder.

Boot up the game once.

Then, once you do that: close the game and go to BepInEx/config/mtm101.rulerp.bbplus.balditwitch.cfg

Put in your username in and the channel's chat you want to connect to.

Use the OATH generator in the config file to generate an auth code and put it in the right place.

You can also turn on and off commands here.

Once that is done boot up the game again, select Chaos, Chaos(5s) or Chaos(15s).

Offline mode is incomplete and should not be used for now.

# doo doo feces

fuck yeah...

Commit message:

made this shit require a new dependency and code looks so much better!!!!
also all my mods will be unified under this dependency in the future

README.md, after:

# BaldiPlusTwitch
Twitch intergration for BB+, allow your audience to fuck with your game!!!!

Insert more info here or something idk

**ALSO PLEASE GIVE CREDIT BEFORE USING**

The below tutorial assumes you know how to install and use bepinex.
 
# Build Instructions
The main branch is the dev branch, so I'd advise using the stable branch if you want a guranteed that the compiled version will work.

In order to build you need Visual Studio 2019(obviously) and use github desktop or download the source directly.

Once the source is downloaded:

Create a folder called "Dependecies" where the solution is and copy all of the content from the BALDI_DATA/Managed folder to it, then copy all of the bepinex/core dll files from your bepinex 5.4 installation in there as well.

also in there put this shit you need it: https://github.com/benjaminpants/BBPlusNameAPI

(unlike this mod theres actually a release that you can just download)

Bam you should be able to just compile it now, if not create an issue or something.


# Setup instructions

First install the mod by putting the DLL into the plugins folder.

Boot up the game once.

Then, once you do that: close the game and go to BepInEx/config/mtm101.rulerp.bbplus.balditwitch.cfg

Put in your username in and the channel's chat you want to connect to.

Use the OATH generator in the config file to generate an auth code and put it in the right place.

You can also turn on and off commands here.

Once that is done boot up the game again, select Chaos, Chaos(5s) or Chaos(15s).

Offline mode is incomplete and should not be used for now.

# doo doo feces

fuck yeah...
